What taking ITC 102 has done to influence my decision in the technology industry was to go beyond my comfort zone and take a leap of faith in moving forward to pursuing my lifelong goals and dreams.  
It has always been my goal and dream to publish my own works writing and illustrating books with animated software. 
My early experiences in these goals included taking many courses that involved writing of all sorts. 
Animated books using Flash was a part of the plan and I enjoyed watching the success of children’s books like Dora the Adventurer by Nickelodeon using  Flash software to illustrate animated books online.  
My instructor in ITC 102 updated me on the latest software in animation like HTML 5 which is a part of the Web Design program at Seattle Central College.  
As time passed and technology kept advancing, I enjoyed watching the success of mobile development, mobile apps, and the gaming industry and animated videos like Finding Nemo and also time-lapse videos.
I was inspired by all the apps and games that I participated in such as smart phones and tablets, tablet/PCs, mobile app games, role playing games, android apps, IPads, and pc games. 
I have always told myself that I wanted to create and develop animated books, videos, and games also, but life moved on, time passed, and the earth continued revolving.  
Now, after taking ITC 102 and learning more about the tech industry, I am even more inspired to move forward and get out of my comfort zone to do the good works that are waiting for me to finish.  
Since graphic arts and animation are what I love best, I have decided to move forward from the same applications that I have comfortably used for many years and I am taking the leap of faith to do what my self has talked out with my spiritual leader, Jesus, who is waiting patiently for the good works we aimed to accomplish. 
Therefore, I have decided to move educational goals and declare my major to Web Design which is a good platform for my future educational goals for artistic works, graphic design, and ultimately publish animated books, have all sorts of multi-media works, mobile apps, games, and go beyond what is available now and become the inventor and innovator of the future.  
I have ITC 102 and my instructor to thank for inspiring me to pursue good works for the future of all mankind and glorify God.


